                   
				   WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU TYPE URL IN THE BROWSER AND ENTER.
				   
	 1.when you type maps.google.com
	 2.the browser checks the cache for the DNS record to find the corressponding  IP address of maps.google.com
	                        
							DNS is a database that maintains the name of the websoite(URL) and the perticurally IP address link too.
							
		TO find the DNS record ,the browser checks four caches

                 A) First
				      It checks the browser cache. the browser maintains a repository of DNS records for a fixed durataion  for websites you have previously visited.
				
                 B) second
				       The browser checks the OS cache .if it is not in the browser cache,the browser will make a system call  to your underlying computer OS to fetch the record since the OS also maintains a cache of DNS records.
					   
				 C) Third
                        It checks the router cache .if it is not on your computer ,the browser will communicate with the  router the maintains it is oawn cache of DNS records.

                 D) Fourth
                        It checks the ISP catch.if all steps fail,the browser will move on the ISP .ISP maintains own DNS server,which includes a cache of DNS records.which the browser will check the last hope of finding your requested URL.				 
                       				 
					  
		
	 3. If the requested URL is not in the cache,ISP's DNS server initiates a DNS query to find the IP address of the server that hosts maps.google.com
	 4. The browser initiates a TCP connection with the server.
	           
			     A) The client machine sends a SYN packet to the server over the internet ,asking if it is open for new connections.
				 
				 B) If the server has open ports that can accept and initiate new connections, it will respond with an Acknowledgement for the SYN packet using a SYN?ACK packet.
				 
				 C) The client will receive the SYN?Ack packet from the server and will acknowledge it by sending an ACK packet.

	  5.The browser sends an HTTP request to the webserver.
	         once the TCP connection is establised ,it is time to start transferring Data.
	
	
	  6.The server handles the request  and sends back a response
      7.The server sends out an HTTP response.
	  8.The browser displays the HTML content.
	  